001 - Locke
Survivors attempting to travel outdoors must fully cover their bodies in protective clothing; preferably several layers.
Travel by foot should be limited as much as possible.
Cities - and man-made structures in general - provide the greatest protection.
Formerly-wooded areas should be circumvented. Travel by air is preferable above all other methods.

Upon contact with visible light produced by the sun, living organisms liquefy at the point of contact, with the effect spreading until the entire organism is converted.
Visually, this is reminiscent of melting wax.
The time this takes is largely dependent on the level of exposure and size of the organism.
Despite this restructuring, at no point do living organisms perish.
Flora typically remain physically inert, yet are still capable of photosynthesis, and still produce oxygen.
Organisms capable of flight lose the capability to do so.
Fauna remain sentient, and display behavior that parallels their non-anomalous counterparts when not absorbed into a collective instance.
Humans retain a modicum of sapience and memory.

This does not seem to cause any pain or distress to the instances, though the resulting bulk can inhibit movement.

The resulting biomass is amorphous and chaotic.
The component organisms will shift between a full-to-semi-liquid state - limbs and bodies will rise periodically from within the mass for a short duration, before deteriorating and being subsumed by another life-form.

Collective instances will locomote by using their appendages in tandem to carry their mass.
Larger instances will form a pseudopod from their constituent life-forms, and drag themselves about in a manner similar to amoeba.




456
The liquid is of a consistency similar to that of human blood (hence the colloquial name Blood Pond) but is not of a biological nature.
The pool does not have definite banks; soil mixes with the liquid until, at a certain point, there is more soil than liquid and the ground is mostly solid.
The liquid becomes denser as one descends deeper into the pool; if the pool has a bottom, it has yet to be reached.

Periodically, entities emerge from the pool and attempt to escape from the enclosure.

Contact with Watch Station Epsilon-38 was lost.
All personnel at Watch Station Epsilon-38 were found dead.













































































...Remember Us ...